README.md, before:

# CanonicalCopy

Have you ever went to share a URL and found it was hundreds of characters long,
full of tracking and analytics information?

Web sites that use multiple URLs for the same content are "encouraged" by Google
PageRank algorithms to have [a specific "canonical" URL that is the primary URL
for the page](https://www.semrush.com/blog/canonical-url-guide/). Since this
URL can't be personalized to the user, it isn't full of analytics data or
unnecessary session state.

When copying the URL, just click the CanonicalCopy icon instead of selecting
the URL in the address bar. A popup will appear with the canonical URL that you
can copy with the copy button or Ctrl+C. It's that easy!

## Installation

It's currently in the process of being sent to Daddy Google for permission to
be used. Give it a bit.

## Legal mumbo jumbo

Copyright © 2021 Miff

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see https://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

Commit message:

update readme to reflect google's blessing status

README.md, after:

# CanonicalCopy

Have you ever went to share a URL and found it was hundreds of characters long,
full of tracking and analytics information?

Web sites that use multiple URLs for the same content are "encouraged" by Google
PageRank algorithms to have [a specific "canonical" URL that is the primary URL
for the page](https://www.semrush.com/blog/canonical-url-guide/). Since this
URL can't be personalized to the user, it isn't full of analytics data or
unnecessary session state.

When copying the URL, just click the CanonicalCopy icon instead of selecting
the URL in the address bar. A popup will appear with the canonical URL that you
can copy with the copy button or Ctrl+C. It's that easy!

## Installation

Wait a few weeks for Google to give it its blessing, then it will be usable.

## Legal mumbo jumbo

Copyright © 2021 Miff

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see https://www.gnu.org/licenses/.
